Inexas FoNF Software License 1.0      

Version 1.0, valid from 22 April 2015.

http://www.inexas.org/display/inexas/Inexas+FoNF+Software+License



TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND REDISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and 
distribution.

"Inexas" shall mean the organization that is the copyright owner and thereby 
the entity granting the License.

"Licensee" shall mean the Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this 
License. 

"Legal Entity" shall mean an association, corporation, partnership, 
proprietorship, trust, or individual that has legal standing in the eyes of 
law and has legal capacity to enter into agreements or contracts, assume 
obligations, incur and pay debts, sue and be sued in its own right, and to be 
held responsible for its actions.

"Software Package" shall mean the source code, and/or object code generated 
from the source code, which makes up the product (library or application) to 
which this License pertains. This includes but is not limited to the source 
code, configuration data, documentation, test code, example code or software 
which is derived from an Inexas copyrighted work.

"Use" in relation to the Software Package shall mean use by the Licensee of 
the Software Package  in conducting its daily business directly or indirectly 
for commercial purposes. This does not include the evaluation, testing or 
further modification or extension of the Software Package to produce products 
to be sold on. Use starts on the first day that the Software Package is used 
for daily business and extends until the package is no longer used.

"Royalties" shall mean the fees payable by the Licensee to Inexas for the 
licence to use the Software Package under this License. Royalties my be 
either one-time or periodical, for a specified application, for the whole 
Legal Entity or, where previously agreed in writing, across a group of Legal 
Entities. Some Legal Entities may be exempt from Royalties as specified below.

"Table of Fees" shall mean the document containing the applicable royalties 
payable for a given Software Package published at the date the Royalties 
become due.

"Military Organizations" shall mean organizations of soldiers or armed 
forces, official or otherwise.



2. License
a) Extent of use

Inexas hereby grants the Licensee non-assignable and non-transferable rights 
to use the accompanying Software Package worldwide within a nominated Legal 
Entity.

b) Conditions of Use

The Software Package may be used as is or modified/extended to suit the 
Licensee's needs and specifications.

The Licensee must notify Inexas within 90 days of start of Use under this 
License. Royalties are due on the first day of Use.

c) Attribution Requirements

Derived Works must be attributed back to Inexas. That is a copy of this 
License must be included in an easily accessible place within the derived 
works and a header must be in each source file directly derived from the 
Software Package containing the text in the 'Source code notice of copyright' 
below. 

d) Military organization exclusion

The Software and/or Derived Works may not be used in any way by Military 
organisations.

 

3) Redistribution

Licensees may further develop the Software Package to use, or for sale to 
third parties within the terms of this License.

Copies of the Software Package may be freely distributed in any medium, with 
or without modifications, in Source or Object form, according to the 
restrictions specified here provided the attribution requirements described 
above are honoured.

The Licensee must retain all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution 
notices from the Source in readable form in any works you distribute.

The Licensee may add other copyright statements to modifications and may 
provide additional license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or 
distribution to any modifications made by the licensee.

Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability: While redistributing the Work or 
Derivative Works thereof, The Licensee may choose to offer, and charge a fee 
for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability 
obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting 
such obligations, the Licensee may act only on their own behalf and on the 
Licensee's sole responsibility, not on behalf of Inexas, and only if the 
Licensee agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold Inexas harmless for any 
liability incurred by, or claims asserted against the Licensee by reason of 
accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

 

3. Royalties
a) Table of fees

Royalties are defined in the Table of Fees for the specific Software Package 
under License

b) Exceptions

The Legal Entity is exempt from Royalties if one or more of the following 
conditions are met:

The Software Package is not employed for Day-to-Day use.
The Legal Entity has less that thirty full-time equivalent employees.
The Legal Entity is a officially recognised non-governmental not-for-profit 
organization.
c) Penalties

If a legal entity fails to pay Royalties due within 90 days of start of 
Day-to-Day Use then the Legal Entity will incur a one-time penalty charge 
equal to 10 times the initial Royalty fees and not less that USD 100 in 
addition to the standard Royalties. It is the sole responsibility of the 
Licensee to ensure that Royalties are paid when due, Inexas will not send 
reminders.

d) Refunds

No refunds will be given. This clause applies in situations not limited to 
the following cases: Software and/or derived works no longer used; the Legal 
Entity changes status to become not-for-profit or less than 30 Full Time 
Employees.

4. Poison pill clause

Inexas retains ownership of the software. In the event of the Inexas changing 
ownership for the minimum legal amount (effectively free of charge) to 
another organization other than a contributor owned cooperative, ownership of 
the accompanying Software Package immediately reverts to the public domain.

6. Trademarks

This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, 
service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for 
reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Software Package 
and reproducing the content of the notices included in the source.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides 
the Work on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, 
either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or 
conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Licensee is solely responsible for determining the 
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Software Package and assumes 
any risks associated with the exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability.

In no event whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, 
unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent 
acts) or agreed to in writing, shall Inexas be liable for damages, including 
any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any 
character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability 
to use the Software (including but not limited to damages for loss of 
goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all 
other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been 
advised of the possibility of such damages.

 

Source code notice of copyright

Copyright (C) 2015 Inexas (Processwide AG), All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Inexas FoNF Software License, Version 1.0 (the "License"); 
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at:

http://www.inexas.org/display/inexas/Inexas+FoNF+Software+License

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.

See the License for the specific definition of permissions and limitations 
under the License.
